Do not enable any BT profile by default (#557)
Arkq/bluez-alsa: doc/bluealsa.8.rst

    Without this option, the default is to use all available HCI devices.

-p NAME, --profile=NAME
    Enable *NAME* Bluetooth profile.
    May be given multiple number of times to enable multiple profiles.

>     It is mandatory to enabled at leas one Bluetooth profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is mandatory to enable at least one Bluetooth profile.
```
